A-Pose Bug Fix - Universal Behavior Runtime
Endorsements
4,846
Unique DLs
123,136
Total DLs
214,265
Total views
199,446
Version
v1.1.0-a
Add media
Track
Endorse
Vote
Download:

Vortex
Manual
Last updated
17 March 2026, 8:25PM
Original upload
06 January 2026, 3:24AM
Created by
Monitor221hz
Uploaded by
Monitor221hz
Virus scan
Safe to use
Tags for this mod
Animation - Modified
Bug Fixes
 Tag this mod
Description
Files 1
Images 2
Videos 0
Posts 210
Bugs 0
Logs
Stats
About this mod
You haven't downloaded this mod yet
SKSE plugin that corrects animation and behavior errors at runtime, effectively fixing A-pose freezes. Also adds out-of-the-box backwards compatibility with LE animations and behavior mods through just-in-time runtime conversion using the blazing fast Serde-HKX library.

Share
Report Abuse
Requirements
Permissions and credits
Mods using this mod (1)
Collections containing this mod
Included in 91 collections
View all

Get hundreds of curated mods the easy way and make it 1-click with premium.

DOMAIN: An AE NSFW AIO pack by dae

4,960 mods
Adult

SKSE and Behaviours Essentials

272 mods
Adult

Athena, the Goddess Collection

930 mods
Adult

GTS - Dibellan Arts Sheogorath Style

546 mods
Adult

﻿This SKSE plugin fixes the common "A-pose" bug that occurs in mod-lists. An A-pose is when characters freeze with their hands slanted at their sides to form the shape of an 'A'. There is an example in the image gallery.

The A-pose is a symptom, not a cause, of errors in either the behavior graph or the loaded animations, so it fixes the various causes for an A-pose ever happening.

This mod is the first of my multi-mod series to be released, Universal Behavior Runtime.



What this fix does:

When there's an in-game behavior loading error that would normally cause a permanent A-pose, intercept it.
When there's an in-game animation loading error that would normally cause a temporary A-pose, intercept it.

Then if the behavior/animation exists but is incompatible, it will convert the hkx into a SE/AE compatible format on the fly.

If the resource is a missing behavior graph, a dummy graph is loaded instead.*

Then, loading is allowed to continue successfully. No A-pose!

As a (good) side effect, all LE behaviour and animation mods are now 100% compatible out-of-the-box with SE/AE, as long as this fix is installed.

* If the resource is a missing animation, it is allowed to A-pose, to notify users of the error. That is because this mod cannot create the required animation out of thin air, for obvious reasons. It must be fixed manually.


What this fix does NOT do:
Magically create missing animations out of thin air.
Magically fix behavior mods that were already broken in the first place.
Provide one-on-one therapy and counseling for your modding related trauma.

﻿
SKSE
Address Library for SKSE Plugins
Skyrim SE/AE
﻿VR is not supported (yet), as I don't have the address offsets. If anyone has those (check source for SE/AE offsets) please reach out.


﻿1. Install with mod manager.
﻿2. Done.


﻿
Compatible with behavior engines (recommended to use them). 
Compatible with Open Animation Replacer.
Compatible with Dynamic Animation Replacer.
Compatible with Animation Queue Fix.

Please keep in mind, if you intend to use this mod as a compatibility layer for LE behavior and animation mods, you must use Pandora; this is not because of any forced limitation on my end, but simply because Nemesis SE will refuse to process 32 bit behaviors as was standard at the time.



﻿

Performance impact?

None. Conversions happen only once, and then the files remain compatible forever. 

The entire conversion library is highly performant and written in Rust by my good friend SARDONYX, so all conversions complete in fractions of a second.

Occasionally, with LE pose packs, my character moves through poses while moving, and then resumes their selected pose on stopping?

Harmless quirk of quick-loading; should go away after restarting the game. 

This mod creates files in my overwrite named *_packed.hkx?

Those are temporary converted files. They're needed because the game can't reload the same behavior file twice in the same session if loading has failed for that file before. You can delete them in between game sessions; the original file has already been converted.

Source?

Here you go.


Report bugs on the GitHub and not in the posts section please, so that it's easier for me to stay organized.

