Pandora Behaviour Engine Plus
Endorsements
17,907
Unique DLs
709,513
Total DLs
2,030,337
Total views
1,784,082
Version
v4.3.1-beta
Add media
Track
Endorse
Vote
Download:

Vortex
Manual
Last updated
17 April 2026, 6:25AM
Original upload
05 November 2024, 11:59PM
Created by
Pandora Behaviour Engine Team
Uploaded by
Monitor221hz
Virus scan
Some manually verified files
Tags for this mod
Animation - New
Animation - Modified
Modder's Resource
Non-Playable Resource
Utilities for Modders
Utilities for Players
 Tag this mod
Description
Files 2
Images 5
Videos 0
Articles 2
Posts 3,725
Bugs 0
Logs
Stats
About this mod
You last downloaded a file from this mod on 14 Jun 2026
Behaviour engine tool for patching Skyrim Nemesis/FNIS behaviour mods, with full creature support. Clean, responsive UI and error-tolerant, verbose patching. Supported on Windows/Linux/MacOS, open source and intended as an alternative to Nemesis.

Share
Report Abuse
Requirements
Permissions and credits
Mods using this mod (100)
Collections containing this mod
Included in 345 collections
View all

Get hundreds of curated mods the easy way and make it 1-click with premium.

Immersive & Adult

559 mods
Adult

DOMAIN: An AE NSFW AIO pack by dae

4,960 mods
Adult

Immersive & Pure

488 mods
Adult

(NSFW) Naughty Addons

85 mods
Adult

A modular and lightweight behavior engine for TES Skyrim SE, for creatures and humanoids. Built with backwards compatibility in mind for Nemesis Unlimited Behavior Engine and FNIS, Pandora Behaviour Engine+ is an alternative engine streamlines both the author and user experience through a simplified UI, robust logging, intuitive formats, and fast patching times.

Pandora runs on Windows, Linux*, and MacOS**
* Use Wine or Proton
** MacOS support is untested


Core:

Faster patching times (will depend on end user hardware specs). 
Simpler usage.
Various startup arguments to customize output paths and operation.
Verbose and precise logging via the output "Engine.log"
Modular back-end design; capable of supporting multiple animation/behavior patching configurations.
Long-term support.
Full creature support.
Support for code-based custom behavior plugins.
Support for both FNIS and Nemesis mod formats.
Strong error tolerance; illegal edits by mods are isolated and reverted to vanilla, without tripping up the rest of the patching process.
Descriptive, clear and copy-able program messages.
Finds Skyrim SE/AE automatically via Windows Registry; works out of the box in proper mod list environments.

﻿Quality of Life:

Search box for behaviour patches.
Light/dark theme.
Select and unselect all checkboxes.
Grippers for drag and drop priority. 
Task bar flasher to indicate patching complete.
QoL command lines (e.g "--auto_close" to close Pandora after patching)
Keyboard based sorting ('-' and '+')
Automatic output tracking and old output deletion.
Button to view output folder.



For Installation Instructions, please read our Pandora Installation Guide




Pandora Behaviour Engine+ is a Work in Progress!
This Nexus page hosts the latest stable and extensively tested release. However, this does not guarantee that the engine is free of bugs or compatibility issues.

For the (latest bleeding edge) versions of the engine that may not be as stable or tested as the release on this page, go to the github page. Note that there's not always a version ahead of the release on Nexus.

REPORT BUGS HERE


Check the wiki if you'd like to contribute or write plugins!


Thank you to:
The contributors﻿ of this open source project.
Microsoft for .NET.
ret2end﻿ for the library HKX2﻿.
The Avalonia developers for Avalonia﻿.
The Mod-Forge discord community﻿ for feedback.
The users who reported bugs either via Github issues or on the discord. You are appreciated.

Special thanks to:
Distar for getting me started with Skyrim Havok behavior
The behaviour modding community for sharing knowledge freely.